Update log_collection.md (#553)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/log_collection.md

## Setup

> 1. Add the Gradle dependency by declaring the library as a dependency in your `build.gradle` file located in the root project directory:

Reviewer: why this change is needed? this code block should be added to the particular module's `build.gradle`, not to the root (project) one.

Author: I can update to say the particular module's `build.gradle`. A customer gave feedback that they weren't sure which we were referencing.

> 1. Add the Gradle dependency by declaring the library as a dependency in your `build.gradle` file located in the root project directory:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Add the Gradle dependency by declaring the library as a dependency in the module-level `build.gradle` file:
```
